dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyNumber)] = TokenType.TNumber
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyChar)] = TokenType.TIdentifier
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyLeftParen)] = TokenType.TLeftParen
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyRightParen)] = TokenType.TRightParen
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyLeftBrace)] = TokenType.TLeftBrace
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyRightBrace)] = TokenType.TRightBrace
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyComma)] = TokenType.TComma
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyDot)] = TokenType.TDot
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyMinus)] = TokenType.TMinus
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyPlus)] = TokenType.TPlus
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TySemiColon)] = TokenType.TSemiColon
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyStar)] = TokenType.TStar
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TySlash)] = TokenType.TSlash
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyBang)] = TokenType.TBang
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyEqual)] = TokenType.TEqual
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyLess)] = TokenType.TLess
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyGreater)] = TokenType.TGreater
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyQuote)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TyLine)] = TokenType.TLine
dfa[(TokenType.TNothing, TypesLiteral.TySpace)] = TokenType.TSpace
dfa[(TokenType.TNumber, TypesLiteral.TyNumber)] = TokenType.TNumber
dfa[(TokenType.TBang, TypesLiteral.TyEqual)] = TokenType.TBangEqual
dfa[(TokenType.TEqual, TypesLiteral.TyEqual)] = TokenType.TEqualEqual
dfa[(TokenType.TLess, TypesLiteral.TyEqual)] = TokenType.TLessEqual
dfa[(TokenType.TGreater, TypesLiteral.TyEqual)] = TokenType.TGreaterEqual
dfa[(TokenType.TSpace, TypesLiteral.TySpace)] = TokenType.TSpace
dfa[(TokenType.TIdentifier, TypesLiteral.TyChar)] = TokenType.TIdentifier
dfa[(TokenType.TIdentifier, TypesLiteral.TyNumber)] = TokenType.TIdentifier
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyNumber)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyChar)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TySpace)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyLeftParen)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyRightParen)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyLeftBrace)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyRightBrace)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyComma)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyDot)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyMinus)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyPlus)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TySemiColon)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyStar)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TySlash)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyBang)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyEqual)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyLess)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyGreater)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyQuote)] = TokenType.TString
dfa[(TokenType.THalfString, TypesLiteral.TyLine)] = TokenType.THalfString
dfa[(TokenType.TNumber, TypesLiteral.TyDot)] = TokenType.TNumber
dfa[(TokenType.TSlash, TypesLiteral.TySlash)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TyLine)] = TokenType.TCommentLine
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TyChar)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TySpace)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TyLeftParen)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TyRightParen)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TyLeftBrace)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TyRightBrace)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TyComma)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TyDot)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TyMinus)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TyPlus)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TySemiColon)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TyStar)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TySlash)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TyBang)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TyEqual)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TyLess)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TyGreater)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TComment, TypesLiteral.TyQuote)] = TokenType.TComment
dfa[(TokenType.TIdentifier, TypesLiteral.TySpace)] = TokenType.None
dfa[(TokenType.TSpace, TypesLiteral.TyChar)] = TokenType.None
